hello friends in this tutorial I'm going to
teach how to plant tomato seeds
we will need a cherry tomato here yo
I 've cut it in half a knife
two sheets of paper
then I with the sheets of paper
folded and I left about five
centimeters
to fold it again and that's how I've been
stayed with 2
the eyes
then we will take
the tomato we will break it in half
OK
that I already have it here we will open one
we will take with the knife we ​​will press
and we take everything
the little seed
already a lot out there
well now we choose
we open the jet
a little
and we will put
like in an envelope first we put it like that
uy
but be careful not to fall
now we take the little seeds
we will crush a little bit so that the water
leave faster
all right
now we open
and we already have the seed
where well clean now we take a
cup
any vessel, for example, can
use any one we will take it by
here we will take this piece of napkin
we will do it
no no need to we stand one
little bit more
the law now we will put it up
the seeds we will leave a little like
very strong and you see it stays stuck
OK
A) Yes
ok now we take it and in our three
fingers of the hand
we'll put it here and we'll go around
according to depends on
how wide the glass
you see here I have to enter more or
less easy to get to the bottom I would
sing a little bit here you see that it is
this here of envelopes that I can not go then
he succeeded
like two zeros
iron
with the little seed
I licked everything done
I open a little
the moment in the soho
okay now
I'll take another paper
we will put it as before I will talk more or
less and I'll leave about 5 centimeters
then I will
well now I come here
and the best
I know it's a paper and this error is
more closed without seeds I will do it more
strong because it will go in between then
it has to go more closed
come to the bottom
well in the background live
and here you see how the seeds are
here we have one here we have two here
they have us and here another voucher
then what we will do here
and as you see I have planted here too
from the same method palm seeds
I have one
two and three seeds as you see is is
putting wet and if you buy the
the one left from the tree as for example
this time it is wetter and that
shortly it is going to shell
this one and the roots and the center will come out
little will start going out broke when
burst will come out of the glass about 15 or 20
we will take them out centimeters and then others
years worth and then there
I also have another one also planted with
tomato tomato seeds yesterday we have
three here 45 here another
but as you see here I have been left
better because one more glass
rounder
It is a glass that is rounder than the other and
the rounder the better does not have to be
not high but more or less small
well here it's over at the real minute
until another day